Add note about onBeforeRequest unavailability (#12873)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/webrequest/onbeforerequest/index.md

If you use `"blocking"`, you must have the ["webRequestBlocking" API permission](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions#api_permissions) in your manifest.json.

> Be aware that you can not run webRequest.onBeforeRequest in  a content script, you must use a background script, see [web Extension API's](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_scripts#webextension_apis) for the list of content script supported API's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beware that you can not run `webRequest.onBeforeRequest` in a content script — you must use a background script. See [web Extension APIs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_scripts#webextension_apis) for the list of content script supported APIs.
```
